Changed all references from hipSYCL to AdaptiveCpp (#543)
oneapi-src/oneMKL: docs/selecting_a_compiler.rst

* If your application requires Intel GPU, use
  `Intel(R) oneAPI DPC++ Compiler <https://software.intel.com/en-us/oneapi/dpc-compiler>`_ ``icpx`` on Linux or ``icx`` on Windows.
* If your Linux application requires NVIDIA GPU, build ``clang++`` from the latest source of

>   `oneAPI DPC++ Compiler <https://github.com/intel/llvm>`_ with `support for NVIDIA CUDA <https://github.com/intel/llvm/blob/sycl/sycl/doc/GetStartedGuide.md#build-dpc-toolchain-with-support-for-nvidia-cuda>`_ or use ``AdaptiveCpp`` from the `AdaptiveCpp repository <https://github.com/AdaptiveCpp/AdaptiveCpp>`_ (except for LAPACK domain).

Reviewer: Sadly, oneMKL does not support FFT with ACpp

```suggestion
  `oneAPI DPC++ Compiler <https://github.com/intel/llvm>`_ with `support for NVIDIA CUDA <https://github.com/intel/llvm/blob/sycl/sycl/doc/GetStartedGuide.md#build-dpc-toolchain-with-support-for-nvidia-cuda>`_ or use ``AdaptiveCpp`` from the `AdaptiveCpp repository <https://github.com/AdaptiveCpp/AdaptiveCpp>`_ (except for LAPACK or DFT domains).
```
